README.md, before:

A little project to get hands on with AI, sensors, robotics etc.
The project will be easily accessible as we will implement a basic set that is needed for building a self driving robot and will be expanded with non mandatory extra's to complicate things. So there should be something for everyone , the hardcore hacker and the father who like to build stuff with his kid(s).

partslist :
(these parts are about to be used by us, nothing prevents you to use something else and suggest it here !)

tank chassis :

 https://nl.aliexpress.com/item/32991957018.html?spm=a2g0s.9042311.0.0.64c94c4d7YDqbR

 https://nl.aliexpress.com/item/32700662371.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.0.0.1b9765f6q6zXec&algo_pvid=aed3a8b7-95d5-4824-9651-3ef56f47384d&algo_expid=aed3a8b7-95d5-4824-9651-3ef56f47384d-40&btsid=74b265eb-59e0-48c1-a0bf-830bc6b634ea&ws_ab_test=searchweb0_0,searchweb201602_4,searchweb201603_52


motor controller :

https://www.adafruit.com/product/2927

accelerometer/gyro :

mpu6050

https://www.banggood.com/6DOF-MPU-6050-3-Axis-Gyro-With-Accelerometer-Sensor-Module-For-Arduino-p-80862.html?rmmds=search&cur_warehouse=CN

GPS module :

https://www.banggood.com/8M-M8N-GPS-Module-for-APM-Pixhawk-CC3D-Naze32-F3-Flight-Control-for-RC-Drone-p-1078657.html?rmmds=myorder&ID=522794&cur_warehouse=CN

Camera :

Camera: 160° FOV

https://www.banggood.com/Wareshare-IMX219-Camera-Module-Applicable-for-Jetson-Nano-77120160200-FOV-8-Megapixels-p-1526258.html?ID=6263684&cur_warehouse=CN

Beware you'll need the Camera: 160° FOV option.

main TPU/ linux computer :

jetson nano 

https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/autonomous-machines/embedded-systems/jetson-nano/

Commit message:

added stl files for 3d prints , Readme updated

README.md, after:

A little project to get hands on with AI, sensors, robotics etc.
The project will be easily accessible as we will implement a basic set that is needed for building a self driving robot and will be expanded with non mandatory extra's to complicate things. So there should be something for everyone , the hardcore hacker and the father who likes to build stuff with his kid(s).

partslist :
(these parts are about to be used by us, nothing prevents you to use something else and suggest it here !)

tank chassis :

 https://nl.aliexpress.com/item/32991957018.html?spm=a2g0s.9042311.0.0.64c94c4d7YDqbR

 https://nl.aliexpress.com/item/32700662371.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.0.0.1b9765f6q6zXec&algo_pvid=aed3a8b7-95d5-4824-9651-3ef56f47384d&algo_expid=aed3a8b7-95d5-4824-9651-3ef56f47384d-40&btsid=74b265eb-59e0-48c1-a0bf-830bc6b634ea&ws_ab_test=searchweb0_0,searchweb201602_4,searchweb201603_52


motor controller :

https://www.adafruit.com/product/2927

accelerometer/gyro :

mpu6050

https://www.banggood.com/6DOF-MPU-6050-3-Axis-Gyro-With-Accelerometer-Sensor-Module-For-Arduino-p-80862.html?rmmds=search&cur_warehouse=CN

GPS module :

https://www.banggood.com/8M-M8N-GPS-Module-for-APM-Pixhawk-CC3D-Naze32-F3-Flight-Control-for-RC-Drone-p-1078657.html?rmmds=myorder&ID=522794&cur_warehouse=CN

Camera :

Camera: 160° FOV

https://www.banggood.com/Wareshare-IMX219-Camera-Module-Applicable-for-Jetson-Nano-77120160200-FOV-8-Megapixels-p-1526258.html?ID=6263684&cur_warehouse=CN

Beware you'll need the Camera: 160° FOV option.

main TPU/ linux computer:

jetson nano 

https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/autonomous-machines/embedded-systems/jetson-nano/

wifi/bluetooth module(for jetson):

https://www.banggood.com/Wareshare-Wireless-Network-Card-Intel-8265AC-8265NGW-2_4G5G-WIFI-bluetooth-4_2-Module-For-Jetson-Nano-p-1526308.html?rmmds=search&cur_warehouse=CN

and cooling fan(for jetson):

https://www.banggood.com/4007-40MM-4CM-40407-Cooling-Fan-DC5V-Cooler-Fan-for-NVIDIA-Jetson-Nano-Development-Board-p-1519037.html?rmmds=search&cur_warehouse=CN

LiPo battery and voltage regulator:

(This part is very much a personal choice as things like eventual batteries lying around could be used or some format of battery that is allready used in your projects, bare in mind the power consumption can be intensive with neural networks, high cpu usage and the motors, the link below are merely examples of what I use)

https://hobbyking.com/en_us/turnigy-hv-sbec-5a-switch-regulator-8-42v-input.html

https://hobbyking.com/en_us/turnigy-nano-tech-2200mah-4s-25-50c-lipo-pack.html

and for charging:

https://www.banggood.com/IMAX-B6AC-80W-6A-Updated-Balance-Charger-Discharge-for-LipoLi-ionLiFeNiMh-Battery-p-1497293.html?rmmds=search&ID=47184&cur_warehouse=CN


Besides these parts some 3d prints are needed check in the print folder for .stl files.
